The Financial Crime Team want access to data, baseed arround user activity to enable them in analyzing trends and behaviors that may identify potential Financial Crime Activity

Current Process at a high level works as below:
1. Policy Admin System are writing away in real time system logs of what users are doing and the screens they have visited
2. Those System Logs are interrogated by daily batch jobs and a file based data extract is generated by each policy admin system
3. These files are delivered daily to the SL Admin Team, who administrate directive controls. 
4. The reports per policy Admin system are merged to give a single report view. 
5. The SL Admin Team manually scan the combined report to spot 'suspicious' behavior. 

Requirement for M2 release is that the BaNCS as a policy Admin system would generate the daily data extract in the form of csv file that will be consumed by SL Admin team for subsequent merger and analysis for detecting suspicious user behaviour

The following fields are expected in the data extract. 
1. Staff ID
2. Full Name 
3. Workflow Demand ID
4. Business ID
5. Client number 
6. Schema number 
7. Workflow demand name 
8. Plan type
9. Task name
10. Start time
11. End time
12. Processing time
13. Transaction processed or view only.
14. Task status end
15. Pended to Data 
16. Transactions

There are two primary source of information in BaNCS that could be used to provide the above data extract. 

Source 1. BaNCS Web (Page) Access Log that captures history of all accesses BaNCS Web Pages. This is written in BaNCS web (HTTP) Srever log. Following are the relavent information that are available in Web Access Log entries. 

1. Staff User ID
2. Web Page access by the staff
3. Timestamp of Access
4. Customer Ref No --- Identifies the customer whose information is displayed on the webpage 
5. Policy No --- Identifies the policy displayed on the web page
6. Schema ref No (when policy belongs to schema)
7. Work item Reference No --- if the page accessed from work item context. 

Source 2. Work item history data in BARD. When user is working on any Work item, BaNCS persists history of all changes to work item in a table. This work item history is populated to BARD as part of daily data replication between BaNCS OLTP database and BARD. Following are the relavent information that are available in Work item History. 
1. Staff User ID
2. Custoer Reff No --- Identify the customer associated with work item
3. Policy No --- Identify the policy associated with work item
4. Schema Reff No --- (when policy is belongs to schema) associated with work item
5. Work type
6. Work item state change Status
7. Work item State change start time
8. Work item State change end time
9. Pending period (when work item is put to pend state)


